Heat. Heat.
Hey,
hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey,
hey, hey, hey.
Hey, hey, hey.
Heat.
Hey. Hey. Hey.
Hey.
Hey. Hey.
All right, y'all. This is serious
business. God bless everybody in Jesus
name.
As you can see, we are in a knife catch.
$500,000
position here. Half a million on the
line.
And it's not looking the best. It is not
looking the best, guys. All right. It is
looking like we might lose it all today.
So, make sure to like and subscribe.
Um cuz
well if I'm going to lose it all maybe
at least I can gain some likes and
subscribers. Now here's the thing guys.
The Bitcoin price currently
under $75,000.
This is a key make it or break it zone
right here.
This is the 786
of the entire move that we've had since
Saturday. And if we start to lose this,
we are going straight down to take the
low from Saturday. All right, this is
not a drill. We got to give a major
shout to everybody in the chat right
now. Also, we can't listen to the violin
music while we're live because it will
totally derail my attention away from
the charts to the music. Major shout out
to first of all Sudep in the chat.
Kegsmark in the chat. Real cipher rider
in the chat.
Espawn sty snow in the chat. Jonathan
Morris in the chat. Juan Estrada NPC in
the chat.
Shout out to Splash Films. Happy
birthday in the chat. Shout out to two
real for you. He says what's up. I
closed a short yesterday cuz both you
and face were long. If market fooling
you two, then I got to sit out a bit.
You closed a short yesterday.
I did too. I closed half my short trade.
Should have kept it all open. Should
have kept it all open. I really thought
we were going to get a bounce yesterday.
Shout out to Doc Dot. Shout out to M
Dukard. If the box of hope and wonder
doesn't hold, we will all lose it all.
Yes, this is the box of hope and wonder
right now. Espanol
C Senor Yo Ablo mucho Espanol.
Shout out to Aaz Dosani. Oh no. Will JC
get wrecked? Shout out to Lux Seeki who
says, "Hi Jason. My name is pronounced
Luck C. Hope to hear more of your pump
or dump lyrics today." Thanks Luck C.
Oh, I see. I see it.
It's Lux Cy. Is that Is that it? Is that
it, man? Cuz to me it looks like Luxi.
Shout out to Luxie aka Luxie, baby.
Shout out to James Quick Business. He
says, "A gez, I was about to close my
long, but now this gives me some
hopeium,
man. I'm telling you right now, we are
smoking the opium hard." All right, I am
hard smoking that opium right now. All
right, this is this is I am not
confident in this long trade right now.
500K on the line, but I am not confident
at all in this trade right now. I mean,
maybe I was confident maybe like 12
minutes ago, but times have changed.
It's been a long time since 12 minutes
ago.
Um,
shout out to Glenn LT444 who says
dumping and Lee Louisiana the Valera
says I think long tomorrow. Shout out to
Daniel CA Prud and shout out to fix
everything 8580. It's dangerous to long
right now. Not going to lie, it is
dangerous. Do not try this at home. All
right. Shout out to Honeyplays Jason.
Believe in the trade. Shout out to the
stop loss. There is no stop loss. Wiggly
Worm Crypto.
Um, Sticky ickyopium. Yes, sticky and
icky. Shout out to Crypto Clown World.
God bless you, Crypto Clown World. Um,
shout out to Mike 4447, Red Dot on
Market Cipher Bey on the Weekly.
Oh my goodness, we have so much to talk
about now. When 12 minutes feels like
forever, that's how you know you're in
an overleveraged long trade from the
top. when 12 minutes feels like an
eternity.
All right, let's pop on over to the
chart, guys. Smash up the likes. We got
530 people in the house. Let's get 530
likes. If this trade does not get
stopped out during the live stream, I
will give away.
Well, let's see if we can get 500 likes
and this trade does not get stopped out,
I'll give away $500. How about that? How
about that? Like the dang stream. Uh,
shout out to the red dot on the weekly.
We have a lot to talk about, guys. This
is scary. All right. This is Is this Is
this not the scariest thing you've ever
seen? Let's pop on over to uh Trading
View here.
Take a quick little look see. Take a
look see for my man Luxi.
We're going to look see for Luxi.
All right, let's take a quick look,
guys. First of all, starting on the
weekly time frame,
goodness gracious,
my goodness, we've been talking about
this potential now since last week, the
potential of a serious top being put
down on the weekly. Now, just so we all
know, just so we're all clear here, the
weekly has never
printed a red dot in where we haven't
seen at least some sideways. Mostly, it
prints and it's sideways and down. All
right,
we come over to the daily and it's very
sad what we're seeing here, guys. But
what looked like a confirmed hidden
bullish divergence is quickly
transforming into the floppy butt cheek
pattern. All right, we we we really were
hoping that this was a nice firm glutial
maximi, the left butt cheek, the right
butt cheek, but it looks like we're
going to have a butt cheek blowout.
A butt cheek blowout. It does happen
from time to time. In fact, there was a
news article about it. Fix a flat butt
injections.
Watch this.
Patient has buttto injected with fix a
flat tire sealant, cement, and mineral
oil by fake doctor.
Oh, the it's not no longer available.
That's a shame. That's a shame. Let's
see. I thought there was a picture of
it.
Let's see.
>> No. Oh. Oh, that's a shame. That's a
shame. It's a shame. The internet's a
shame. Oh, the internet. Oh. Oh, no. No.
No more butt cheek blowout pattern.
Oh, man. Oh, that's a shame. That's a
shame. Dare we click the images section?
Ah. All right. Let's get out of here.
All right.
This is serious business. We're about to
get the butt cheek reply
on the daily time frame. Will confirm in
about 6 hours and 33 minutes and 40
seconds, guys. And as you can see, this
white line right here clearly says last
hope. Okay. Um
Oh, man. Jason, what are you 12 years
old, bro?
Now we are seeing things turn bearish
and remember before like the last few
days we were saying I was very unclear.
I I did not know what was going to
happen. I said it depends. It depends
because right now well a few days ago
the the charts were looking very
ambiguous. But now things are really
starting to look more bearish. We didn't
have bearish we didn't have bullish divs
on the 4 hour. The 4 hour is ticking
down. It really does look like Bitcoin
wants to go for the low that we made on
Saturday. Now, let's just understand the
gravity of the situation. All right,
gravity.
This is a very gravitious situation when
we take a look at this. All right, let's
take a Oh. Oh, snap.
Oh, snap. City. Oh my.
Hang on, guys. I need a moment just to
take a breather here.
I need a moment just to take a bre Oh my
goodness.
Hang on. Do you see? Do you see what I
see? Here's the problem right now, guys.
We've had a little bit of valueary
shift. Let me Let me clean that up.
Maybe that's not true. Oh my goodness.
Oh my
Oh my goodness, guys. Okay, breaking
news. We have had some value area shift.
No, actually, we haven't had value area
shift. I'm sorry. But but but what we
have had is we've had a daily candle now
close below value area high. I didn't
even notice this this morning. We're
about to have a second candle close
below.
That is not a good sign. All right. If
we are closing candles below this level
right here, I mean, my goodness, the
highest probability, guys, is that we
make our way back down to around $68,000
at the PC of the range confluence with
the dang Fibonacci golden pocket.
Oh my goodness,
guys. This is not looking good. It looks
like we are about to snag all this
liquidity and come back down to our zone
right around here.
All right, that is I I am
Hang on. I I need a moment here.
Oh my goodness.
Wow. What a time. What a time to be in a
$500,000
leverage long trade.
All right,
I have a lot on the line for this trade.
My mom let me move back in her garage
after getting liquidated last time. And
speaking of liquidated, guys, the egg
code for today is liquidated. All right,
you know what? I think I'm going to need
to double up on the hats here. We're
going to need to double up on the hats.
My goodness. So, here's the thing. When
you lose the value area high of a range,
the highest probability,
hang on.
The highest probability is that we do
come back down to the PC or the value
area low of the range. And the sad
reality is there is a lot of liquidity
here to be taken. All right, we had this
ascending channel, slow, painful grind.
Weekly red dot could confirm in just a
few days. Daily red dot could confirm in
just a few hours. 4hour money flow
coming out.
It's not looking good. Now, is there a
ray of hope here? Let's ask ourselves
this very serious question.
Is there any hope? Yes. Yes. Yes. There
is one last ray of hope here, guys. And
here's what it is. All right. When we
take a look at this
chart, we can see that we have a daily
order block coming in right here
around 73.8 and we have Saturday's low
right here. Which means the box of last
hope
is going to be coming in right here
between the prices of 73, 768.50, 74,
151, and 60.
This is the box of hope and wonder now.
All right. And if we don't hold this box
of hope and wonder, then my my fears
have become phobias, guys. All right. My
fears have become phobias. What What
band was that? What band was that? You
guys remember that? My fears have become
phobias. What band was that? As Blood
Runs Black. Right.
My fears have become phobias, guys.
Here's the thing. My fear is that we
will come all the way back down to this
zone. All right.
Very well could happen here. But this is
our last ray of hope because you know
what they say about weekend lows. Very
fickle. Very fickle. Just like weekend
highs are fickle. Remember what
happened? Our weekend high was put in
right here. All right. And yesterday,
what did we do? Well, we came and we
took the liquidity of the weekend high
just to reverse the price. All right.
The opposite could now very well happen.
We take the weekend low just to reverse
the price. All right,
just to reverse the price.
So, let's keep our eyes on here. All
right, let's keep our eyes on here.
The 1 hour doesn't look good either. Oh
my goodness, guys. Yeah, so that's the
next level for me. I'm looking down to
this box to potentially hop into another
long. Call me crazy.
Call me crazy. And you know what? I very
well may be crazy because here I am in a
$500,000
highleveraged
long trade. All right, you guys want to
get wrecked? Use leverage. All right,
you've heard the warnings from those
other crypto YouTubers that don't trade
and from these other guys that don't
really trade or invest but talk about
leverage. You've heard them say how
dangerous it is. You've heard them say,
"Not only does it multiply the profit,
but also the risk." This is 11x
leverage, guys. Oh my goodness.
I can't even imagine such an
irresponsible thing. But you know what?
This is the internet. This is YouTube.
You never know what you might find out
there.
My goodness. Shout out to Jerry Davis.
Shout out to How am I going to say this?
Eong
snow.
E Pongurt Snow says higher low. This
could be a higher low. This is the last
hope for a higher low, guys. Tuesday was
the top of the week. Yeah, for sure. For
sure.
3x leverage ain't high leverage. This is
11x leverage, baby. All right. This is
11x.
Shout out to preparing for war. I need a
box of hope and wonder. Me, too.
Preparing for war. All we need is a nice
chest and arms day.
All right. Wow, you doubled down on your
long trade, Andrew Herd. 9371.
11x isn't really that high. I know this
is pure sarcasm, my friend. All right.
I'm just trying to be sensational for
the internet. Look, us crypto YouTubers
are we we're struggling, man. It's hard
to get views. It's hard to get clicks,
man. No one gives a crap right now about
Bitcoin, you know? I just got to be as
sensational as pos. But let me tell you
what's really driven my views is all
this stuff. I've turned myself into a
meme by donating money to Trump and
Drake. And now I've been getting
hundreds of subscribers from people just
coming to make fun of me. Isn't that
what the internet's all about, guys?
Isn't that truly what the internet's all
about? You know, take me back to the old
internet, man.
This channel tries to keep that old
internet vibe alive. Just a guy in his
garage, you know? Just a guy in his
garage chilling out with my Lamborghini
in the back trying to teach you how you
too can get a Lamborghini by buying my
course.
All right.
Sh. What am I even talking about? I'm
not in a $500,000 long. Stop the BS.
Look, bro. This is a 500,000. Okay,
you're right. It's $499,255.
It It used to be a $500,000, but because
the price of Bitcoin went down, so did
the position value.
All right, so here. All right, for your
sake, let's put another $5 on the trade.
It has to be at least eight bucks. For
your sake, my friend. There we go.
500.
What the heck?
Wait, wait a second. I got to refresh
this.
What the heck?
Oh, you know, did the fee What the heck
just happened? Wait, how did I put money
on the trade and we're down? Hang on.
Let's put another 10 bucks on this trade
here.
It's It's pushing the price down. Oh,
no. It's pushing it up. All right, let's
let's put 25 bucks on.
There we go.
There we go. Right. What What the heck
is going on?
Am I Am I tripping out right? Hang on.
Is this eating out?
696.
Wait a second. Am I even logged in right
now?
>> Oh, wait. I'm such an idiot. I'm putting
$25. I need to put $1,000 on trade, man.
See, look. This
This is why I'm such a [__] guys. All
right. I don't even know what the I'm
I'm reading the wrong number. There we
go.
$500,000.
$500,000 on the trade. All right.
Sheesh. What a [__] What an absolute.
All right. Here we go, baby.
Let's Let's go. All right.
Because you're singing we going to dump
then switch to pump. You got to say
we're going to pump. No, we're going to
dump. That's why the pump song doesn't
work. There you go. Thanks, Divine Hood.
Thanks, Divine Hood.
Man,
500K is a surefire way to lose. Oh my
goodness.
Shout out to Jesse Gillick in the chat.
Shout out to Viking Steve.
Viking Steve. Yeah, you're totally
right, Viking Steve. He says, "Leverage
doesn't matter. It's just your position
size relative to your stop loss." Viking
Steve is absolutely correct. All right.
Big shout out to Viking Steve, man.
Credit where credit is due.
Um,
yeah, I guess we we've been we've been
we've been singing the pump song
backwards. Do I really think we're going
to pump? Um,
here's the thing. I'm about 10% positive
right now that we're going to pump. All
right, about 10% positive that we're
going to pump. And if you guys have if
you guys have been here since yesterday,
uh, then you know the truth about this
trade. If you guys have been here since
the weekend, you know the truth about
this trade. All right, this is this is
actually a round trip from the weekend.
This is a round trip from the weekend,
guys. I was up 20K
on this long trade. All right, and I
have roundt tripped it all the way back
down. $19,000 down the drain.
All right, so this is a round trip right
here. You guys, if you were watching the
stream yesterday, you saw me take profit
on a short trade cuz I thought we were
going to pump. I thought we're going to
pump when we were right here. All right,
so yeah, but for the sake of
sensationalism, this is a knife catch
$500,000 long. And for all intents and
purposes, it's functioning the exact
same way. It literally is functioning
the exact same way as if I just entered
now cuz we come down to my entry and
bounce from the entry. Okay.
So, let's go, baby. Let's see.
All right. Andrew is 1,000% positive
we're going to pump. So, Andrew, because
of you, man, let's go. Like, what else
can I say? All right. We got half a
million. Let's go, baby.
Elliot wave highly suggests we come down
to 74.2. Well, you know what? Tell
Elliot to go shove it where the sun
don't shine. Divine Hood. No offense to
your friend Elliot. All right. But me
and him never got along anyway. All
right. I I did my best to be friendly to
him, but he just he didn't he didn't
reciprocate the gesture.
>> All right. So, tell Elliot to go shove
it where the sun don't shine. All right.
You know what does he know anyway?
Always waving at me. Oh, he's waving at
me with that look on his face. Waving at
me.
You know,
seriously.
And you know what? And you know what?
Speaking of Elliot, but 73.8 could be a
nice bounce. Oh yeah, 73.8 could be a
nice bounce. Let's see. We're going to
have to wait and see. Cuz honestly,
here's the thing. If this trade gets
stopped out, you know your boy's going
to FOMO into another freshy.
Um, take that 19k profit and hire
someone to organize your garage. It will
make your life so much better. Oh my
goodness. Do you even know?
There's no hope for this garage, man.
There's no hope for this garage. Oh my
goodness.
Shout out to Divine Hood. Shout out to
Spicy Noodle. Six Wanita is better than
Elliot anyway. For sure. For sure. Bye,
Elliot.
Bye, Elliot.
Maybe it's time to wear the bear cap
instead of the bull cap. We'll see.
We'll see. We'll see. All right, so
let's let's get back to the chart. Okay,
guys. Smash up the likes. Can if we can
get the likes up to the watchers, I I
feel like a giveaway will be happening.
All right. So, see if we can get the
likes up to the watchers, guys.
All right. Yeah. What if he suns his
sphinctur?
I wasn't talking about that, Dak. Big
man, get your mind out the dang gutter.
All right. I was talking about
up his nose. Right. The sun usually
doesn't shine up your nose, okay? Unless
you're hanging upside down. So Elliot
could stick it. We'll stick it to the
man Elliot. All right. So yeah, here's
the deal. We're coming back to the daily
chart here. Jay Casp feeling kind of
bearish. We got the green box of hope
and wonder. If we lose the green box of
hope and wonder, guys, then I I do
suspect we're coming down to around
$68,000
at the very least. At the very most, I'd
say we're going down to 57,000. And the
reason why I say
is because, well, it's the same as every
pump and dump, right? every single pump
and dump. Stop number one is the golden
pocket 786 zone. Stop number two is the
overall low, which is exactly why we're
long right now. Right? Why are we long
right now? Very simply put, it's because
stop number one is the Fibonacci golden
pocket 786 zone. And if we pull the dang
Fibonacci golden pocket 786 from the low
to the high, well, what do you know?
We're trying to long the 786 zone. We're
actually losing it. And so now stop
number two is the low. So it works on
every single time frame. And once we
lose that value area then um yeah
probabilities are highest. We come to
the bottom here. My goodness. Can you
guys believe can you guys believe
the the roundtripness of this trade
here? You know, do I regret it? Do I
regret it? What do you guys think in the
chat? Do you think I regret roundt
tripping $20,000 of profit and now
closing the trade out in a loss after
being up
20,000?
My goodness,
that is crazy. Do I go to a heropractor?
Yeah, his name's Dr. Greg. All right. Do
shout out to Dr. Greg the chiropractor.
Man, I used to go to a chiropractor
named Dr. Sandy, but she lives too far
away from me now. And when you have four
kids, let me tell you, an hour trip to
the chiropractor is a big ordeal. All
right, so we found a a per person more
local. Praise God. Praise the Lord. Oh
my goodness, guys. I don't even know if
I can contain myself right now
with We are coming down to the wire. We
got half a million on the line, baby.
We're down to the wire.
Guess what? Steve J. D. Simone has some
bullish fundamentals.
Bitcoin is mispriced.
All right. Mispriced. The real price of
Bitcoin is 139K.
He's got some bullish opium fundamentals
coming on in for us. Well, JD, I have to
say although I agree that Bitcoin the
price will go up. Sadly, as somebody
trading high leverage
six figure positions,
it doesn't really affect me at all
because if we don't get there quick, my
friend, well, liquidation.
Liquidate. I'm already sweating. The
liquid's already coming out. And I'll
tell you this, the egg code for today is
liquidated. All right. If you want some
eggs in the Casper crew discord,
liquidated is the key word.
All right. Please check ETH. Look, ETH
is a very undervalued asset as well. And
it will pump. When? I don't know.
Oh no. Oil just printed a green dot. El
Punto Verde. Now we bounce from the 886
fib. Let's go. No ragrets ever.
I regret not longing XRP. You know it. I
regret closing my short. You know it.
Take the money.
Blood diamond on the 5-second. Oh man.
Shout out to Splash Films. Shout out to
Dar Drake. Carry on TV.
If you know him well, he is always
hedging and gave good risk management.
No regret. That is true. Yeah, I am
hedging. But here's the thing. I I
actually the the the short trade is
definitely not as big as this long
trade. And yes, here's the thing. I do
not regret. Hang on. Hang on.
Hang on one second. I do not regret at
all
um holding this trade, guys. And and and
for real talk right now, real talk right
now. All right.
I do not regret closing this trade. I do
not regret keeping it open at all
because it was a planned trade. It was a
planned swing long trade. And sometimes
you plan a trade and it's a loss and
that's part of the dang plan. So on to
the next trade really. I mean seriously.
Um I do not regret at all not closing
this trade. And in all seriousness guys
um
am I peeing in the bushes? Yes. Yes I
am.
Um
ETH is dying off because the devs and
main Foundation members leave. Yeah. I
don't know. I I I do think ETH will
still have its day. Whe when when the
fundamentals get bearish for a coin like
ETH, it's only a matter of time before
it pumps Divine Hood. I I I believe that
with all my soul. Um
yes, I am peeing in the bushes, guys.
All right. It's the pre-lquidation
liquidation.
The pre-lquidation liquidation. The pre
Man, it's a beautiful day. It was cloudy
all day. Why does it only get sunny when
I stream? It's a beautiful day. Look at
the Look at the You could The corn is
not growing yet. All right, but the corn
will be growing in that field back
there. That's the corn field back there,
guys. All right, that's the corn field
back there.
There's the solar field right there.
You could see cuz this is a 100%
off-grid live stream, by the way. This
is a 100% off-grid live stream. All
right, let's get back on the treadmill.
I always feel like I'm on a dang
treadmill here.
Let's get back on the treadmill.
>> The pre-lquidation liquidation complete.
>> Yeah. No, but in all seriousness, guys,
here's the thing. Here's what we need to
know. Here's what we need to understand.
You cannot ever regret trading according
to your plans. Okay, here's the thing.
If I if I had if I had closed this trade
for a $20,000 profit, I actually would
have regretted that because I would not
have been trading according to my plan.
Okay. And so one of my plans is to close
this trade in a loss. And that I'm I'm
100% serious with that right now. One of
my actual plans for this trade is
closing in a loss, a calculated loss.
Right? And here's the thing. If you guys
want to learn more about how to trade
the way I trade, I have a free course,
totally free, 100% free. I spill all the
juice for free. All right. Let's uh
check it out on my YouTube channel.
Let's see. Go to the Jason Casper
YouTube channel. All right. Go to
playlists.
Go to Jason Casper free trading course.
All right. Check it out. There's 18
sessions here. 18 sessions plus a video
of my friend reading healing scriptures.
All right. Way at the bottom
right here. But the thing is 18
sessions, guys, for free. I'm not even
kidding. 100% free. Spilling all the
beans. All right. Spilling all the dang
beans.
So check it out.
Check it out.
Shout out to Anthony Lee Crypto, bro.
What's going on, man? Anthony Lee, bro.
Yeah. You know what? Would you coach me,
man? Would you coach me, bro? Do you
coach? Do you coach online? Anthony Lee
Crypto, would you be my coach, bro? I'll
pay you in Bitcoin.
Nobody seriously plans to close in a
loss unless you have a bigger position
somewhere else. No, that's not true.
That is not true. Here's the thing. When
whenever you take a position, it's
either going to be a win or it's going
to be a loss. And you have to plan for
both. If you're not planning for both,
you're going to get wrecked. And if
you're not planning for both, guess
what? You're going to be that guy in the
YouTube chat saying, "Hey Jay,
I'm long from 74820.
What should I do? What should I do,
Jay?"
And I'll tell you, well, I can't answer
that question for you. Before you enter
a trade, you need to have three things.
Number one, a reason to enter. Number
two, a place to get out if it goes for
you. And number three, a place to get
out when it goes against you. If you
don't have those three things, you're
not trading. You're gambling. So, yes, I
planned to lose money on this trade. And
I plan to make money on the trade. You
plan for both. You plan for both. If
you're not planning for both, you're
gambling and not trading. That's the big
difference.
That's the big difference, man.
Streaming, liquidating, peeing. I could
tell you how to lose for referee to just
throw your whole bag into a coin at the
highs. Oh man. Shout out to John Doe. He
says, "I pray Jesus bless every single
one of you." Amen. I pray the same for
everybody in the chat.
Planning for both, but planning to close
and loss. Then why buy? Well, because
when I opened this trade, I thought it
was going to pump. Bro, what can I say?
I thought we're going to pump, but I
didn't know for sure. You know what I'm
saying?
Um, you know, uh, shout out to Liberty
and Trust. He says, "Here, here." Shout
out to Mansonos who says, "Hey, man."
Shout out to Roy TX7ZX who says, "Yo."
Uh, shout out to Jesse Gellic posting a
link to the free course. All right.
Take a loss for tax purpose. That is
true as well. That is true as well.
How many acres is that? It's quite a
few. Quite a few acres.
Nothing makes you feel more free than
peeing in the garden, says Tony. That is
true. You know what makes you really
feel free is being able to pee anywhere.
What I like to do is I like to pull my
pants all the way down to the ankles,
put my hands behind my head like this,
and spin in circles with my eyes closed
while urinating. That is true freedom.
If you can't shove those trousers down
to the ankles, put your hands behind
your head, close your eyes, and look up
and spin in circles as fast as you can
while urinating. Are you even free? In
fact, are you even a crypto trader? Are
are you even a trader?
Shout out to Crypto Crank. God bless
you, my man. Shout out to Larry Garcia.
God bless you, my bro. Shout out to
Bitcoin Recipe. He says, "Big facts."
Shout out to Divine Hood here. He says,
he says, "Jay, USDT Dom is breaking out
of a three-month descending channel and
could pump to take the 9.5% double highs
in the next few months. Bull case is a
head and shoulders now on the hourly."
Man, that is bearish for Bitcoin. All
right, that is ultra bearish for
Bitcoin.
I'm paying down my mortgage thanks to
Jason N. Jesus, Yeshua, Baroo Hashem,
Baroo Hashem. Baroo Yeshua. Here's the
thing. It's all because of the Lord. has
nothing to do with me, bro. It's all
because of the Lord. All right? He's the
one who gives us the power to make
wealth.
Um yet, try it out. Look, if you haven't
ever peed that way, try it out, guys.
It's it it is the most freeing thing in
the world. Now, of course, you got to be
careful. If you're on some uneven
terrain, you might trip and fall, break
your ankle, and then your wife's going
to find you out there passed out, broke
ankled, Fibonacci extension, hanging out
on the ground completely liquidated.
And you don't want her to see you that
way. Okay? You don't want her to see.
Cuz here's the thing, women can't do
that, says Erica. That's not true. You
could, Erica. You could you could do it.
It might not It might not work the same
way as it would for for a a male, for a
man, but you still technically could.
All right.
Oh, man.
Be careful. Jason's a scammer. He
scammed my friend of 300K. Well, here's
the thing. If that actually did happen,
I'm sorry you got scammed, bro. But
here's the thing. It wasn't me. It was
an actual scammer just pretending to be
me. You got to be really careful out
there, guys. In Discord, on Twitter, in
YouTube comments, on Instagram. There
are a billion fake accounts. There are
fake Discords out there where people
pretend to be me and my moderators and
they'll lure you in and they'll say,
"Hey, we'll trade for you. If you give
us your money, we'll trade for you and
split the profit." This is why we have
the disclaimer all over the website,
all over the YouTube channel. Okay? I'm
really sorry your friend got scammed,
but look, you got to be smart about
things, guys. Honestly,
the scammers are ruthless.
Okay, they are ruthless.
>> So in every single video that we post,
we have our disclaimer.
It says Jason Casper and employees or
representatives will never
manage or offer to manage a customer or
individuals options, stocks,
cryptocurrencies, currencies, futures,
forex, or any financial markets or
securities. If someone claiming to
represent or be associated with Jason
Casper solicits to you for money or
offers to manage your trading account,
do not provide any personal information
and contact us immediately. I do not
have a Telegram or a WhatsApp. Beware of
scammers. All right. Seriously, guys.
Seriously. All right.
Seriously. Seriously. You got to be
careful. All right. And I'm really sorry
that your friend got scammed. Here's the
thing. I got hacked myself. I lost
$700,000
on September 15, 2023
from hackers. All right, so it's kind of
part of the game, but here's the thing.
You know what?
Sadly, and I know this is sad,
experiences like that,
and they suck. They suck. They do suck.
But uh you know it's it it it is true
freedom. True freedom. Crypto gives you
true freedom. There's no bank to bail
you out. There's no credit card company
to call. It is what it is. You you make
a mistake and you learn from it.
Hopefully you take security more
seriously. And don't don't give your
stuff out to scammers cuz I'll tell you
when I got scammed and when I got
hacked, it was a big wakeup call for me.
It was a big wake wakeup call for me to
take things more seriously.
But um
yeah, and don't click any links, says
Trader Joe. He's right. If you click a
link, uh they could drain your whole
wallet if you have like a MetaMask
hooked up to your browser or whatever.
Um but yeah, seriously,
do I trade penny stocks? I don't.
I don't.
My favorite scammers are the Indian
dudes,
but All
right, I'm going to have to ban the
people calling me a scammer. But I've,
you know, cuz you can't come in here
and start saying stuff like that. But
trust me, and I mean this from the
bottom of my heart.
I I I will never scam anybody. I never
want to scam anybody. All right?
I mean that from the bottom of my heart.
Here we go, guys. Trade in the red.
Let's see. We're trying to get a little
bit of a bounce. Oh my goodness.
If this isn't scary, I don't know what
is. If this isn't scary, I don't know
what is, guys.
All right. Oh, man. Look at that deep
wick.
Look at that deep wick. All right.
I got a feeling they deployed a bot to
spam. Yeah, it does look like that. It
does look like a bot in there cuz it's
just copy paste the same thing.
All right. Well, we're we're quickly
losing money here. All right. So, let's
see cuz
stop loss is under the low.
So, we're going to take a bit of a hit
here if we get stopped out. SL under the
low.
All right.
Man, it's never a fun thing to lose
money live on the internet, guys. Let me
tell you, it's never fun.
It really is never fun. But let's see
what happens. It's not over until the
fat lady sings Sweet Home Alabama.
All right.
Save me shave Buzz. What does that mean?
Am I still doing a long? Yeah, I'm still
long, man. Still long, baby. Am I adding
to longs? Nope. Nope. Nope.
How does taking a loss help with tax
purposes? You can write it off. It
doesn't really help. Nothing really
helps with taxes. People like, "Oh, just
buy a new house and you can write off of
taxes." Like, yeah, but it doesn't
really mean you get more money. Just
means you're like giving less to the
government, you know? Look at this.
We're in the green.
>> No, I'm not adding to longs, guys. All
right.
liquidations and big orders right
underneath. Yeah, for sure. I mean, for
sure when we when we come down to the
yellow line. Um, yeah, let's take a look
actually at Marcus Cipher here
because
I do kind of want to see if I am
interested in a new long from that low.
I'm interested in a scalp from that low
to be honest with you. Let's take a look
here.
Scalp from the low.
If this gets stopped out,
yeah, I would I would look for a scout
from the low. The 12minut would give me
a scout from this low, from this box
here. Even if it's just a little bit of
a move,
I would look for a scout from that low
for sure.
For show
Yeah, I got to lock him in quick in this
current environment, says Crypto Crank.
>> Yeah, Crypto Crank, man. I've been
through the whole You know what's funny?
Uh, Crypto Crank, I had him on my
channel back in what was it? March, bro.
Anyway, he put the fire under my belt to
start scalping. I started scalping. That
kind of merged into day trading, which
kind of merged into swing trading. And
now I'm in that swing trading mentality,
losing money again. So, I'm probably
going to have to merge back into
scalping. What's funny is we went from a
scalpers malet, a scalpers malit. We
went from a scalping market into a day
trading market into a swing trading
market. Really is what happened with
Bitcoin.
But, uh,
let's see what happens now as we're
coming back into the macro range. This
actually the only swing short to be held
now in my opinion if we don't bounce
from here is is a short trade back down
to 67K,
right? Um,
yeah, if it if it loses 74, it is well,
yes, I'd say it's game over in the sense
that we're going back down to the middle
of the range at least. All right,
I'm not going to add to the trade, bro.
I have a very calculated risk on this
trade here. All right,
so I'm going to be risking about two
grand on this trade here.
I'll be two $2,000 in the hole on this
on this trade here. So, yeah, bro. We do
we do need to do another collab, man. We
will. We'll do it. We'll set something
up for sure.
I don't know when, but we will.
Um,
shout out to Andrew. He says he made a
whole bunch of money gamble trading, but
after learning from me, he's been
consistently profitable. Well, praise
God, bro.
Don't I see the HNS? The inverted HNS
or the regular HNS?
The regular head and shoulder? This
thing up here? Yeah, I see it. I see it.
Come on, baby. Come on, Biddy. Let's
let's go back to Trading View quick and
and and check a look at the We currently
do have a divergence here. You know
what? Maybe maybe this is Arlo theopium.
Theopium.
All right.
All right. Yeah. Here we go. Look at
this.
Look at that. We've taken the low. We've
closed the candle above on the 12minut.
We're about to get a divergence money
flow momentum. Maybe this was our low
here. Can you imagine if we get saved
once again? This trade has been up and
in the green and in the red and the
green and the red and the green and the
red and the red and the green and the
green and the red.
Trader Gio says we ended. Oh, we need to
do a fivep person mask collab. Yeah,
that'd be cool. And honestly, Trader
Joe, we got to get the pump song studio
version going, man. But I don't know. I
don't know. you want to do a 24-hour
stream. Bro, I was I was thinking about
doing that, too. I did a five hour live
stream the other day. Um,
but you know, after I did five hours, I
figure, hey, you know, just five more of
these. Not I've been going for 24 hours.
Might as well. You might as well might.
We got a 1hour bulldev on the RSI.
Anthony Lee Crypto likes collabs. Let's
do a little TA talk fitness homesteading
vibe. Yeah, that'd be cool. That's the
kind of collabs people like, I think.
Um, if this was it, let's pump. Yeah.
Yeah, let's pump. Come on, Bitcoin. Come
on, Bitcoin. Let's pump. We do have some
bullish divs. Like, let's check it out.
Look at this, man. Can you imagine if
this thing ends up in the green? If the
swing trade and people telling me to
close it for 400 bucks, can you imagine
if this is it now and we go straight to
83k?
Man, man, I don't think we're going to,
by the way, I'm just saying. Could you
imagine? We have the bullish dip. By the
way, guys, Bitfunded
is giving away $250,000.
All you have to do to win a $5,000
funded account is sign up using my link
to Bitfunded Crypto Propirm. you're
automatically entered into the giveaway.
Link in the description. Client Funding
is giving away $250,000.
Five $50,000 accounts.
All right. To win the one of the $50,000
funded accounts, you do have to have had
purchased an account, a funded account
through a client through my link in the
past. All right.
So, these are some good deals.
Legitimate legitimate good deals. Also
guys, I'm trading on KSEX, Blow Fin,
Ubit, and Antarctic.
Antarctic is my DEX.
0% limit order, 0.02% market order. All
my exchanges, I've made deals with them
for very low fees. All right? So, you
can't get fees that low unless you use
my link cuz I have exclusive deals with
the exchanges. Also, if you want to join
the Casper crew, where I give the trades
in the moment,
including this long trade that I'm in,
that's in the red, but also the short
trades
like the one on May 10th and the one on
May 14th, which are currently up right
now, tens of thousand dollars in profit.
You can go to Jason Caspertrading.com,
click the link to join the VIP discord
where myself and three other instructors
every single day are doing live trading,
giving you their setups, their plans,
and telling you what they're doing. Of
course, none of it is financial advice.
And
we are back to the chart.
And I don't know, it's looking kind of
scaly. Let's check out the 1 hour.
Ooh, nasty. The 1 hour looks absolutely
nasty.
The 24 minute looks Maybe we could get
something from here. Maybe.
Here's a thought, guys. Here's a quick
thought.
Sideways range
um
distribution, right? Come back up, take
the high one more time, and then we
drop, right? Let's see if actually I
think this is actually a pretty
plausible thing to happen right now
considering the fact that we formed a
low. We formed a high. We've taken the
low with some bullish divs on the low
time frames that don't look ultra
bullish.
But nonetheless, it's clear that we've
got potential bullish divs confirming
here very soon in the five in the 6
minute. And so, yeah, why not uh get
some more distribution so that they can
fill up some more shorts and then drop
it. I would I would actually like that
to happen. Let's see if we can't pump it
up to the top of that mini range, you
know.
Let's see if we can't pump it up to the
top of that. We need the Sam Price pump
song clip.
We're going to bump. No, we're going to
dump. We're going to bump. No, we're
going to dump. We're going to pump. No,
we're going to dump. We're going to
bump.
Let's do it, man. Let's pump. I mean,
honestly, let's pump. Come on, baby.
Yeah, this is the moment of truth for us
Cryptobolds right now. Let's do it.
Shout out to Crypto Lifer, by the way.
Love that guy. Cryptolifer is the man.
If you guys aren't subscribed,
go subscribe.
Double bottom vibes. Can you imagine? It
doesn't really have the double bottom
vibes, but you know,
uh,
it doesn't really have the double bottom
vibes, but, you know, let's see. I I
Let's Let's look at the 10-minute chart
here. The 10-minute candle close was
nice. There obviously is the potential
for some divergence here.
It's not looking the best, guys. Oh,
it's not looking the best.
But don't worry. Look, nobody ever made
profits by closing trades. All right.
No one ever made a profit by closing the
trade.
Hang on. This stop loss isn't even real.
The stop loss for real is down here. All
right.
Nobody ever made profits by closing.
All right. That's what my grandfather
told me. Told me that before he lost
everything. This is a true story. I'm
not even kidding you guys. This is 100%
true. My great-grandfather became a
multi-millionaire
in the in the 40s
and the 50s on the horse races and then
he legit lost everything on the horse
races. It's not not even a fake story,
you know.
So,
runs in my family. No one ever made
profits by closing early, said my
great-grandfather.
He told me that right before he lost it
all, you know.
My grandfather lost it all trying to get
Drake to say K dot.
>> Here we go. Is Bitcoin a bubble stock?
No, I don't think so. The CEO of Bitcoin
is legit. Uh, Dusty Hunt,
how many calories burned on the
treadmill? I don't know, but I've been
currently maintaining my weight on about
5,000 calories a day. Of
course, I've only been doing that. Now,
this is my third week I've been on 5,000
calories a day. I was down to 4,400
calories for 6 weeks. I lost about 12
lb. 10 to 12 lbs. I don't know. I don't
weigh myself too much, but
now I'm pumping the calories back up.
So, my my TDE is probably around 5,000
calories per day. And I don't really pay
attention to how many calories I burn.
Uh, but I do pay attention how many
calories I eat and I do pay attention to
my weight. So,
I don't know.
But I'll tell you guys,
I'll tell you. Look, I found the secret
to life. Take it from a former fat guy.
Take it from a former fat guy. All
right?
If if you are naturally fat, you were a
fat kid, you were a fat teenager, your
friends could eat whatever they wanted
and be normal athletic kids, but you
were fat, couldn't even do a push-up,
couldn't run a/4 mile, couldn't do a
pull-up, couldn't even do a dead hang
from a bar. All right, you have a
massive appetite. You go out to eat,
your friends are like, "Oh, so they give
you so much food here." You're like, "My
goodness, I could eat six more of
those." If that's you, let me introduce
you to the walking desk with a weighted
vest.
You can eat as much as you want so long
be healthy food.
And you
can
look like this all year without much
effort. With very little effort with
very little effort. Like maybe maybe
after a while you have to like hone it
in, lose a little weight by dropping the
calories a little bit.
But I'm not even kidding. That that is
the cheat code, bro. I discovered the
cheat code to being lean and muscular
without any effort. I'm telling you,
it's so easy. All you have to do is go
for a nice slow, effortless walk.
Sometimes wear a weighted vest. And man,
I'm telling you, sit down to eat and you
can eat to your heart's content, man.
Stuff your dang face till you're lying
there on the couch.
Wake up the next morning, six-pack abs,
tons of energy, feeling good. Let me
tell you,
it's the secret.
It's the secret. If you don't want to go
on drugs or use peptides, if you want to
use peptides, go for it. If you want to
use drugs, go for it. If you don't want
to do that stuff cuz you value your
health, okay, walking treadmill, walking
desk, baby, walking desk,
you know, haters going to hate, haters
going to hate, but it is the truth, man.
I'm about to do a shoulder day. Can you
give me some personalized motivation?
Sure. You can do it, Trader Gio.
One more rep, bro. There you go. Clip
that.
doesn't do anything for the legs and the
calves. All right, maybe it doesn't.
Here's the thing. All right, I I have to
say I'm I'm proud I am proud of my legs.
I'm proud of my legs. I know people say
they suck. Whatever. I'm 6' three. All
right. I I'm I'm proud of my I'm proud
of my quads. My calves, I know I know
they suck. But you know what? Anthony
Lee Krypto Anthony Lee Krypto has given
me a calf routine which is going to pump
the calves. All right. He's gonna pump
the calves for your boy Jason Casper.
All right. But it's been very difficult
for me to put size on my legs. So, I'm
I'm actually proud of my progress. I'm
proud of my leg progress. I'm proud of
my quad development. All right. My legs
are very strong.
All right. I have strong legs. I have I
have athletic looking toned quads. You
know, if I didn't have to wear If You
know what I hate? I I wish your calves
were on top of your quads instead of the
other way around. I wish you could walk
around with shorts and only your quads
show instead of only your calves. You
know what I'm saying? All right.
That's That's what I wish.
I'm a chicken. That's the real secret.
That's why I love hen so much. That's
true. I do love chickens, you know. I
do.
Um,
I know I got small legs. I know. I know.
Compared to half my female lifters.
Yeah, that's true.
But whatever, man. You know, it is what
it is. All right.
It is what it is,
you know. But don't worry, Anthony Lee
Krypto is helping your boy out. All
right. He said, "Jay, you got to do
three super sets of calf raises. Toes
out. Toes middle. Toes in. Three super
sets.
We're imploding. Well, we're not
imploding yet. Let's see. Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see. Let's see.
I don't think we're imploding. Not yet.
We still have a ways to go before we
take a massive hit. All right. And let's
see if we can't get a scalp in here.
You could cut the carbs and the sugar.
You could do that, too. But here's the
thing. This is for people that like to
eat, right? It's a cheat code. You You
have to pick one. All right. If you like
to eat, you could either live a
miserable existence where you're always
hungry, always thinking about food,
always in a bad mood, always low energy,
always unmotivated because you have no
energy coming in your body and you could
have abs. Or you could eat as many carbs
as you want, have tons of energy coming
into your body at all times. so much
energy. You can get stuff done. You're
active. You're playing with the kids.
You're taking care of the farm. You're
lifting heavy weights. You're walking.
You're trading. You're hanging out with
your wife. You're not thinking about
food when your wife's trying to have
romantic time.
And life is way better, right? Those are
your two choices. Now, I'm talking about
people who like to eat. Cuz I love to
eat. I'll be honest. When I was a kid, I
was so dang fat. I used to, no joke, I
used to make cheese sandwiches with
mayonnaise, hide them under my pillow at
night so I could eat them in bed. I was
like 10 years old. I'm not even kidding.
Like that's, you know, I had this
massive appetite. I still do. Ask anyone
who knows me in real life. They're like,
"Jay, how do you eat so much? How?
You're like a garbage disposal, Jay. You
can just you just eat forever."
It's true. It's true.
It's true.
>> You know
15-minute pullback 15 minute on pullback
area if break then we are going to dump
so hard. Yeah. Let's see what is
romantic timing.
I'm trying to think of something witty
to say but I can't think of anything.
Kryptodom has way more energy after
cutting carbs and sugars then. Good for
you, Kryptodom. Good for you, man. If I
If that was the case with me, I would do
it. That's not the case with me. All
right.
That's not the case with me. I get that
I get that low carb that low carb
depression. That low carb depression,
you know? That's I'm not even kidding
you guys. I get depressed when I cut
carbs. Like walk around with like a
gloomy cloud over my head. Don't feel
like doing anything. Don't feel like
walking. Don't feel like lifting
weights. Don't feel like trading.
Don't feel like doing anything. Don't
want to play with the kids. They want to
go on the trampoline. Like, nah, too
tired. I ain't got energy for that. you
know,
but uh
Anthony Lee can see the Clint and the
trend on the shelf in the background.
Dang, I I wanted to blur out this
camera. Um
yes, it's when you surprise her with
flowers.
Have I ever been broke before?
Uh well,
define broke cuz like I've never been in
a place where I didn't have a place to
live. I've always had a place to live,
at least a vehicle.
Um, I've always had family and friends
that would have supported me, but there
was a time when I had no
income
and
I didn't have anything to my to my net
worth at all.
How many steps do I get a day? You know
what? I don't know. It depends. It
depends on the day. It depends on if I
have my phone in the pocket.
On a Saturday, usually maybe like
10,000.
Uh on the other six days, usually
between on the low end 17,000. on the
high end, maybe like 45,000 depending on
how much I'm doing that day. Like the
day I did that 5 hour live stream, I
ended up close to 50,000 steps that day.
It's pretty wild.
You're only a protein and coffee guy,
says Cryptonite. The LTC Maxi. Here we
go, baby. Bitcoin about to pump. That is
crazy. If you're only a Bitcoin and
coffee guy, I mean a protein and coffee
guy. Whoa, there's a bald eagle. Oh my
goodness. A bald eagle literally just
swooped down a beautiful male with a
white head. That's crazy.
Look, if that's you guys, God bless you
for it. Honestly,
you know, honestly,
whatever makes Here's the thing.
Whatever makes you feel good,
and I'm talking about diet,
not talking about other things, right?
When it comes to diet and nutrition,
whatever makes you feel good, that's
what you should do. Whatever keeps you
healthy, that's what you should do. All
right? A Bitcoin and coffee guy. I've
been a Bitcoin and coffee guy. Do I know
about Brian Johnson, the guy who wants
to live forever? Yes. And here's the
thing. I'm not a prophet, but I have a
feeling he's going to die a tragic
death.
I just have that feeling.
I have the feeling
that he is going to not live very long.
That is my that is my hunch. I don't
wish death upon him. I wish the best for
him. But when I see somebody
uh
I just feel like I feel like it's going
to backfire on him somehow, right? Just
like just like how I feel about Micro
Strategy is eventually going to sell
Bitcoin. Like
I don't know. I I just I I don't know. I
just get that hunch whenever whenever I
watch his interviews and I see him and
he talks about how he's like
biologically getting younger and this
and that. I think to myself, I don't
know. I don't know if I buy it, you
know, but I wish the best for him. I I
do I, you know, I I I pray he lives very
long. Uh I pray the Lord blesses him.
All that stuff.
Cryptocrank is down for all of it.
Peptides,
steroids. No, he didn't say steroids. a
TRT, peptides, diet, workout, sleep.
Nothing wrong with any of it. Six-mon
checkups, organic food. At the end of
the day, God knows when it's time to
come home. Yeah, I I could I I could get
behind that mentality. Crypto crank. You
know,
for me,
I'd rather keep it all natural, bro. But
I, you know, whatever people want to do
is fine with me. You know, I'm a
libertarian. I'm a libertarian,
you know. Let's see. Golden Era.
Marathon mix. 90s boom bap all day.
Mic check. This song is called Mic
Check.
How come my stop losses at the CDW?
Because I'm going to look to get into
another long there. What's the game plan
with this trade?
Um, why would someone long in a
downtrend with no signs of a reversal?
That's a good question. Here's why I'm
in this long trade. Okay,
I have been looking to long Bitcoin
since
we were around here. Since we were
around here, I was looking to long
Bitcoin. All right, I was in a swing
long from $68,000.
I added to it here. It got stopped out.
It got stopped out for
a 59,169
profit. Okay. Then
in the Casper Crew VIP Discord, I told
the community that I was going to be
longing Bitcoin and my trading idea does
not become invalidated until $74,000.
Right. So, I'm opening up new longs on
the 18th of May.
Um adding to my swing longs from 68K,
which got closed out for a $59,000
profit. If we dip, I'll add more. So, we
dipped. I got in another long position.
All right, that is why I'm in that
trade. So, think about it. I just made
59K
and now I'm risking 2K on the current
trade. So, 57K is my worst case
scenario. Plus,
I'm in this short trade as well. Okay,
short trade as well.
And
let's see. See, we got to refresh this.
The short trade, it's all about the risk
management. I mean, for me, the the the
$2,000 I'm risking is well worth it.
Right now, the idea is still valid. I've
locked in a $19,000 win, a $12,000 win,
you know, small wins, small losses. I
don't really consider it if it's if it's
like less than if it's less than five
grand. $18,000 win.
This is all This is all from April and
May. All right. $63,000 win. All right.
In um
that was on uh that was the end of
March. All right. So, the last two
months we're up tons of money right now.
Six figures. I'm risking $2,000 on this
trade, which is a planned trade, mind
you. A trade I planned for.
Okay. I planned for this trade. So
because I've planned for this trade, I
am looking to long according to my plan.
Now do we have the same bullish signs
that we had when I started to take the
trade? The answer is no. The answer is
no. When I took the trade now, I started
doing this on the 18th. The chart did
look much more bullish. But here's the
thing about the way I trade. I keep my
trading plans and I continue to trade
them until
but the idea becomes invalid. All right.
So, so far my idea is not invalid unless
we lose this green box I've marked out
on my chart here. Okay. Now, I'm not
going to close a trade that's open that
I've already calculated the risk for.
Right? I'm risking two grand. I'm
totally fine with losing two grand. I
don't care at all. If we come down to my
next level and I see something bullish
on the chart, I will also take a long
trade. That is why I'm longing in a
downtrend.
And also, it depends on how you look at
this. Is this a downtrend
or is this a giant breakout and back
test? Now, it looked more like a
breakout and back test
last week than it does now. Okay, now
it's starting to look much, much worse,
but it still could turn into a breakout
and a back test. So yes, I'm looking for
a long trade at the breakout and the
back test of a major support resistance
flip. And if we lose this box, then I'm
no longer looking for a long trade
unless we come down at least to the PC
at 60 68K
preferably coming lower than that. All
right, so that is why I'm in the long.
Okay,
and
that's the deal, right? I hope that
makes sense. I hope that makes sense.
All we need is a tweet. Whoa, make me a
millie. Bro, you know what? I was
literally just thinking about you the
other day, bro. I was wondering about
you, thinking I hope you're all right
cuz I haven't seen you in a while. Hope
everything's good, bro. God bless you,
man. God bless you, bro. I was thinking
about jacked crypto traders who have
YouTube channels.
No, bro. You don't have to apologize for
your absence, man.
You're not you're not uh obligated to be
here, but I'm glad to see you, bro.
I'm glad to see you, man. Hope all is
good. All we need is a
tweet for a trend reversal.
Yeah, probably.
Why not libertarian like the liver king?
I I mean I'm not a libertarian, but I I
do believe that eating organ meat is
good for you from time to time. It does
have a lot of important vitamins like
choline and biotin and vitamin A and
vitamin B12 and cholesterol to support
hormones and has to be a good source
though.
But I do eat heart, I eat liver, I eat
kidney, I even eat testicle. I have I
have eaten testicle. All right. I've
dabbled. I've dabbled. Don't clip this.
I eat testicles. Please don't clip that.
Oh man.
Yeah, I've eaten some sheep testicles
before.
You know, the medical term for sheep
testicles is balls.
Balls.
guys have eaten some balls before.
Who cares about the meat from Oregon?
You're right. Who cares about the meat
from Oregon? Is canned sardines good for
you? If you can get a BPA free can and
as long as they are in a BPA free can
and they're they're they're wild caught
sardines and they uh are are in either
water or organic extra virgin olive oil.
All right? Cuz if they're just in olive
oil, that could be cut with like any
kind kind of other oil. And if it's a
BPA lined can, you could be eating soy
oil mixed with BPA, which is not good
for your hormones. But yes, sardines are
very healthy cuz they have good omega-3,
you know, polyunsaturated uh fats, which
decrease inflammation, are good for your
hormones, good for everything really.
And so, well, some people say I'm not a
doctor. It's funny. Some people say
it's bad for you, but I think they're
good for you. What do I know? Okay, I
don't know anything.
I'm not a doctor.
You know,
looks like something's bothering me, you
know. It's probably just cuz I shaved
off all my beard. That's probably what
it is, man. I shaved everything
yesterday.
Greek cryptotrader says, "I have the
best olive oil." I believe it if you're
a Greek crypto trader.
Um, Rocky Mountain oysters. Yeah,
seriously.
But yeah, I'm not a doctor, but
I think fatty fish is good for you. But
my favorite kind of canned fish is
mackerel. Mackerel because sardines
gross me out. You got to eat the whole
dang fish. Like, it's kind of gross,
right? Mackerel is like white fish.
If you get mackerel
either in water or extra virgin olive
oil,
it it it's nice. You can mash it up,
make a sandwich. I know you can do the
same thing with sardines, too, but
sardines, I'll be honest, I don't
necessarily enjoy eating them, but I do
enjoy eating mackerel. And of course,
salmon.
Salomon. In fact, what we're going to do
now is we're going to turn our purple
candles to salmon colored candles.
All right. Salmon colored candles.
Salmon colored candles. And then Donald
Trump color.
All right.
Honestly, you want to get healthy, you
need more Trump and more salmon in your
life. Here we go.
>> Holy mackerel. I know, right? What do I
think about
Branding on candlestick bodies.
Do you mean trading based on candlestick
bodies? It could be
>> in Amsterdam. They eat raw mackerel.
Interesting.
>> I know I'm going after Zevia and
Sardines, bro. But here's the thing.
Look, I don't take me too seriously,
bro. All right? Don't take me too
seriously. I just I'm I'm worried about
the BPA. Maybe I'm wrong about it. All
right.
Can you check the bull div on the 12
minutes? Yes.
Yes. The most jacked crypto trader I've
ever heard of is an old Chinese man
named Boyen, aka Bo John. Aka Bojan.
Yeah. Let's check it out. Let's check
out the 12minute bullish divergence.
All right.
It's there. It's there. Come on, baby.
Yeah. Let's see. I mean, honestly, I I
wouldn't be surprised if we don't get a
rotation back up to the uh the top of
this micro range here.
Right.
Let's see. We got the divergence now.
My Doberman eats raw chicken. He's
jacked.
That's cool. F. Donald Trump. He's a
pedo and a Zionist. Am I allowed to say
those things on YouTube?
Well, I'm not a Donald Trump fan. Just
to be clear, if anyone knows me,
everyone knows what I think about Donald
Trump. I've gone on long tangents about
it. Pissed off all the Trump lovers. I
almost called them Trump tards, but I'm
trying to be uh trying to be more uh
neutral here.
Yeah, sardines have high protein and
very affordable for sure. Uh
what is BPA?
It's like an endocrine disruptor that's
on the inside of most aluminum cans or
tin cans. So like
Yeah. You know what? You know what the
real problem is? I'll tell you the real
problem is with the food is the the lack
of localization.
You know, globalization is unhealthy.
Localization is healthy. If you're
growing food in local communities, if
you're canning your own food,
you know, that's the way to go,
honestly. But I'm not saying it's bad to
have the food supply that we have where
you can buy anything you want at the
store at any time. But in general, the
closer you can get to the source of the
food, if you're growing it yourself, if
someone in your area is growing it,
producing it, canning it,
it's not going to need as many
preservatives and stuff. And at the end
of the day,
it's really hard to tell. I have I
here's my honest view.
I believe that the world is controlled
by demonic forces who hate humanity
because humanity is created in God's
image.
And so they want to destroy humanity,
demonic forces. All right? Now, the
demonic forces use the greed of people
in order to kill people. So for example,
the food industry, they put a whole
bunch of garbage, poison in the food
because it makes it able to be sold
cheaper for a higher profit margin and
they don't care about your health. They
just care about making money, right?
So, I believe there's different reasons
for why people do stuff like this, but
in general,
>> um,
at the end of the day, I do think it's
demonic, right? But the closer you can
get to God's creation, the healthier you
are going to be. That's why I'm
streaming out in the garage, right?
Because you guys see a dirty garage, but
I'm looking out at God's beautiful
creation. I'm looking out at mountain
ranges,
trees, valleys,
fields.
the beautiful blue sky, you know, the
sunshine.
You know, if you're locked inside all
day, you're not going to be as happy.
You're not going to be as healthy.
All that kind of stuff.
Trump played and pimped all his
supporters. Yeah, I I totally agree with
that. But the thing is most Trump
supporters don't even see that. They
will never see that. But yeah, from the
very beginning that has it has been my
view that Trump is a Trojan horse. It's
been my view from the beginning. I mean,
you guys
go back to all the election nonsense and
I have stood to my held to my view. I
was unsure about Trump in 2016. I gave
him the benefit of the doubt. Okay. But
from 2016, from 2020 onward, all right,
I was convinced that Trump is simply
just playing a role that he was selected
to play.
>> All right. Playing a role he was
selected to play.
You could agree, you could disagree.
That's my view.
>> Here we go, baby. We're trying to get a
little bit of a pump here. We got
$500,000 on the long. We are struggling,
but we're up 379 bucks.
>> Yeah, you can't vote yourself out of
slavery. If you could, voting wouldn't
be allowed. That's the thing.
That's the thing that people don't quite
understand.
Shout out to Dustin Prince. He says,
"Not long term, but in the next 6
months, cash is king. I'll start buying
crypto in October." That's a pretty good
um
that's a pretty good time frame, man. I
mean, I hope I get an extra chance to
buy crypto below 60K.
You know, I was I was starting to doubt
it. Now I'm starting to get some hope.
My first purchase for Bitcoin
in this bare market was at $65,000.
And my next plan is uh under
57, hopefully around 50k. And then
hopefully I am
um
going to be able to buy under 40k. That
would be that would be that would be a
dream come true, man.
But let's see what happens.
At least I don't play that AI video. No,
I play it all the time. It's pretty much
in all my videos. All my Trump AI
videos.
Shout out to Alex O. He's trying to push
it for me. Thanks, bro. Look, if we all
go 100x leverage,
is Trump better than Kami Camala?
Here's the thing. Here's here's the
thing about how federal politics works.
That's exactly the mindset they want you
to have, right? They give you two
choices. And they force you to choose
what you think is the lesser of two
evils. But here's the thing, they're
both evil. And here's the thing, the
agenda still goes forward no matter
what. The the agenda for globalization,
for the destruction of the middle class,
goes forward no matter what. All right.
Maybe it'll go forward with a more
conservative veneer. Maybe it'll go
forward with a more liberal veneer.
Okay.
But it still goes forward.
It's called the Hegelian dialectic. You
have two polar opposites
and you create a synthesis of the two,
right? You you create two extremes,
right? Essentially the way it works is
you create two extremes. You create this
extreme over here and this extreme over
here. All right? So just recently, okay,
the extreme of the left has been
communism, socialism, let's totally like
disregard biology, transgay, this and
that, super woke, all this nonsense that
that people get sick of. And people say,
"We definitely don't want to go over
here. We don't want to go over here,
right? We're sick of all this gay crap.
Just shut up. If you're gay, good for
you." All right? If you're a [__]
great for you. But we're not going to
have trans parades in our kids library.
and we're not going to accept your
mental disorder
uh and we're not going to go to jail
because we called you he when you
identify as a she like so people say no
we don't want that and so what they do
then is they put somebody else out there
in this case Donald Trump the anti- this
Donald Trump is the anti- this right and
so everybody flocks now over to this guy
all right people now flock over the
pendulum swings to the other side all
right what they do is they use two
extremes
and they bounce people back and forth
between the two extremes. What happens
is what's happening is the the the
agenda is going forward. We're going in
this direction where they really want
us, guys, is up here. All right? They
want us up here. So, they use the two
extremes to propel us in that direction
until eventually we get where they want
to go. After all, they don't really want
everybody gay and trans in the library.
And they don't really want uh the
extreme right either. All right.
They want somewhere in the middle and
they use people's ignorance, they use
people's emotions, they use all that
stuff to drive society in a certain
direction, right?
So the very fact that we feel like we
have to choose between Trump or Camala,
that's the problem. They gave us Trump
and Camala. That was not You did not
decide on Trump. He was decided on for
you.
How was he decided on for you? Because
out of nowhere, here comes Trump as the
hero to save us from the liberals, to
save us from the Obama administration,
to shave us from Biden. And um the media
propped him up. The media gave Trump all
his popularity. All right. The very fact
that every day CNN and MSNBC couldn't
stop hating on Trump, that is why
everybody on the right loved Trump,
they're like, "Finally, somebody who
thinks the way I think. finally somebody
who has the balls to say what I've been
thinking this whole time.
But here's the thing, all press is good
press. And if the media wants you to
like somebody, they're going to make
certain people hate that person, right?
The fact that the left hated Trump so
much, in my opinion, is proof that he is
playing a role. Keep in mind, Trump is
bought and paid for by the Rothschilds.
He declared bankruptcy, was bailed out
by the central banks. Okay,
remember all the things Trump said he
would do? Trump said, "I'm going to
audit the Fed."
Didn't even attempt to audit the Fed.
Remember, Trump said he would put the
Clintons in jail. Didn't even do that.
Didn't even try to do that. What What
the objective reality?
And again, take your political view out
of this. Take your patriotic political
all that. Just look objectively at what
happened after Trump's first presidency.
Objectively speaking, inflation worse
than ever before because under Trump's
administration, the dollar supply was
doubled. More money printing than any
other administration in the history
since 1913 when the Federal Reserve was
created. A globalist agenda,
inflation, devaluing of the currency.
Yes, under Trump, worse than ever under
Trump. What else happened? Well, people
were forced
by coercion
to either take a medical experiment or
lose their livelihood. All right.
Medical experimentation, genetic
experimentation on the population under
Trump. And he brags about being the the
the the granddaddy of Operation Warp
Speed, getting those medical experiments
out to everybody as quick as possible.
He still brags about that. We saved
millions of lives.
All right. What else happened under
Trump? A lot of small businesses were
forced to shut down. Couldn't go to
work. Objectively speaking, under his
administration, these things did happen.
What else happened under Trump?
Universal basic income. For the first
time in history,
all American citizens who had jobs and
whatever were given free money from the
government for doing nothing. Another
globalist agenda. All these things
happened under Trump for the first time.
But it happened under a veneer of
conservatism, right-wing America first.
Now take a stand back and say
objectively speaking, what has happened
here?
Everything that we were scared of during
Obama happened under Trump and we
cheered for it and we voted for it. But
it's because they gave us Trump, right?
They gave us Trump. They wanted us to
like him.
Because here's the thing, you cannot
change society by force. You have to
change society by people wanting to
change,
right? This is basic
propaganda
stuff.
>> But, you know,
whatever whatever,
you know, I know people have different
views on it. Um,
>> people have different views. That That's
my view. And and
after everything that's happened,
I I cannot hold any other view. I wish I
could. I I wish I could believe that
Trump was a good guy who was really
America first, but the fruit of both of
his presidencies has shown otherwise.
Okay?
So you judge a person by their fruit,
not by what they say.
Exactly. You have to choose between two,
syphilis and gyorrhea. Right. We we they
give you it's the illusion of choice,
right? They give you two. They give you
Trump or Camala. And you can't vote for
anyone else. Let's say maybe RFK. If he
if he's legit or not, I don't know. But
he didn't have a chance right
now. Imagine imagine if the media did to
RFK what they did to Donald Trump.
Imagine if the media came out super hard
against RFK and called him crazy, called
him this, called him that, and
and propped him up in the public
consciousness of people. If more people
knew about RFK and the things RFK
historically has stood for, they would
be all about him. But no,
think about Ron Paul in 2008.
And 2012,
he ran for president. He had thousands
of people at his rallies, massive
amounts of support. The media ignored
him. They literally pretended like he
wasn't even there. They wouldn't even
put his name in the polls
cuz they didn't want you to think about
him. But Trump, they wanted you to
always think about him. What did Trump
tweet today? What did Trump say today?
What did Trump do today?
And they want people to either get angry
about it or say, "Yes, this is the guy I
love. Give me some of that Trump, baby."
You know,
but whatever, man. Look, this ain't no
political live stream. That's my view.
And if you have a different view, I
look, I'm not saying I'm right in my
view. That's just my honest opinion. So,
whatever, you know,
but whatever.
Do I think the vaccine wasn't for
Corona? I I have no idea. I have no idea
what the vaccine is about. Was it for
Coronirus? I don't know. How would we
ever know? Honestly, how would we ever
know? Maybe it was all Sometimes I
wonder maybe the vaccine was literally
water and that whole thing was just a
scap to divide people as well because it
turned into the most crazy thing I've
ever seen in my life, you know,
with the whole vaccine thing. And I
thought to myself, wouldn't it be crazy?
Would it be crazy? I'm not saying this
is true, but I thought to myself, how
crazy would it be if there was no corona
virus and the vaccine was placebo and
the whole entire thing was literally
just an experiment to see like, hm, I
wonder what would happen like in this
situation, how would people act?
Could be. There was no flu in 2020 and
2021.
You know,
it was all COVID back then. Flu went
away.
So yeah, I don't know. And then it turns
out the vaccine didn't work. Yeah, once
we get the vaccine, you'll be safe. And
guess what? No, it doesn't work. Now you
need a booster. Oh, the booster doesn't
work. You need another Oh, doesn't work.
Oh, now you need it every 6 months. So
it doesn't work. So I wonder, is the
vaccine fake? Like is I don't know. Who
knows? Here's the thing. We'll never
know. We'll never know. We'll never
know.
This video might be removed. Yeah, last
time I started talking like this,
you know. Last time I started talking
like this, my stream literally got cut
off, man. No, I was talking about the
moon landing being faked. Let's see what
happens with this one. Look, we got some
Donald Trump candles pumping on the
fivem minute here. We got some Donald
some deep oranges. Come on, baby. Come
on, Donald Trump.
Come on. We're pumping, baby. We're
pumping.
We're pumping.
>> Well, this is it, folks. We got a green
candle like no green candle that's ever
printed in the history of this country.
We're pumping and we're going straight
to all-time highs. It's going to be huge
and we're going to make Jason Casper
great again.
I'm going to turn my candles black,
blue, back to blue and purple. I can't I
can't focus when they're this color.
There we go. All right, let's see if we
can't get some nice juicy blues. Some
big daddy blue. Big daddy blues coming
on here.
Big shout out to our first super chat of
the stream. Oh my goodness, Juan
Estrada, bro.
I don't know if this is the direction I
want the stream to go in.
Does the Bible truly teach a flat earth
model?
Um,
in my honest opinion, no. Okay. In my
honest opinion, no. It It does not
strictly teach a flat earth. What it
does teach is a is a cosmology that is
very different from the cosmology we all
learned in school. Okay. But it does not
necessitate a flat earth. All right.
So there you go.
It teaches a a uh a view of the heavens
and the earth that is very foreign to
what we all learned in school. Extremely
foreign.
But it does not necessitate the earth to
be flat. All right.
I know some people say it does, but as
somebody who has studied biblical Hebrew
for 13 years,
uh, and has looked closely at all these
passages, I will say that it does not
necessitate
a flat earth. But
if we're going to take the Bible into
its historical context of the ancient
near east, well, most of those
civilizations did hold to a flat earth
view. All right. Um,
but I can honestly say that I don't
believe the Bible talks about the shape
of the earth. In fact, I would go as far
as to say that biblically speaking,
asking the question, "What shape of the
earth?" is the wrong question to ask.
Nobody asks, "What shape is heaven?"
And nobody asks, "What shape is hell?"
All right. The scripture talks about
different realms. There's heaven,
there's earth, and there's the
underworld. There's three realms.
So,
Things that the Bible definitely teaches
about the earth is that the earth does
not move.
Also, it teaches a geocentric heavens
and earth. The sun, the moon, and the
stars were created.
They were put in the firmament of heaven
for the purpose of giving light on the
earth.
That's that was their purpose was to put
light on the earth and to act as a giant
calendar to mark off
days,
season, signs, seasons, days and years,
years and days. So
according to the Bible, the sun and the
moon move around the earth.
Yeah. According to the Bible, there is
water above the earth.
waters above the earth.
So
that that is what the Bible actually
does. It doesn't mention the shape, but
I would say this,
there are different views on how
one would interpret these things. So
that's up to you.
You know, that's up to you.
Yeah, the firmament is definitely in the
Bible memory, man. Um,
for sure.
There's defin Yeah, according to the
scripture, there is something solid
up high that keeps water from coming
down.
There is something solid up high that
keeps water from coming down.
And also according to the Bible, the
entire universe was just only water
only. Like literally only water, nothing
else.
And then God created everything out of
that water.
Pretty much pretty much the biblical
cosmology is the exact opposite of of
what I learned in school and what we all
learn and believe today. It's the exact
opposite, right? I mean, according to
like modern
views on things, water was like the last
thing to appear on the earth, but
according to the Bible, water is the
first thing. You know, scripture says
that the trees and the plants were here
before the sun.
Modern view says the sun was here first.
Um,
and all that kind of stuff.
Word says, "I need to send you a
document. Font 1568.
I have it in a PDF." Oh, from 19568.
Yeah, I'm down for old PDFs,
you know.
>> Would it be dangerous to enter a short
hype at this moment?
Um,
let's check out hype. Honestly, let's
check it out. All right,
let's check out hype.
Bitcoin starting to get the move, that's
for sure.
Um, well, if you were to enter a hype
short right now, um,
hang on. This is some tea I had on hype
this morning. Here's the deal. We are we
are trading within what I would consider
this to be our our range on hype. Okay,
highs,
lows, mid midpoint of the range. Okay,
highs, lows, midpoint of the range.
Midpoint of the range lines up very
nicely with our Fibonacci 618. Okay. So,
right now what I would be very wary of
on hype is would I short this? No. Why?
Because we're building liquidity of
higher lows with a golden pocket just
beneath. All right. So, we could easily
do something like this. Um there are two
ways which I would get into a hype short
right now. First of all, if you want to
take a gamble at it and you do something
like this, you put your stop give it
some breathing room here. The problem is
you're dealing with a 13 15% stop loss
to be safe. Right now, if we're going to
come come all the way back down to like,
let's say we do come down to like 30
bucks, it's not even the best
riskreward. Okay, it's really not the
best risk-to-reward. So, what I would
rather do is I would rather look for a
long here. And once we come down here,
I'd say now potentially we have our
first lower high and we can look down
then for the Fibonacci golden pocket
from the high to the low
and look for the short
maybe around this area here, right? Um
something like this that there's one
option.
Okay, this is one option to just
maintain this kind of downtrend. All
right. Another option and a better
option for shorting would be this. We go
for the high one more time and then we
now we get ultra bearish divergence
there. Right? Cuz we cuz when we look at
the daily time frame now we would have a
nice bare dive on the daily and that
would be very very bearish on the 4
hour. Right? The 4 hour would have a
nice really nice bear dive for another
high. Um
so something like this maybe
would be really nice. Okay, we basically
take this liquidity here
and a lot of people probably going to be
shorting that, right? And then we then
once we don't once we start pumping
there, people like ah we're so back by
the breakout and then of course people
get wrecked buying the breakout. By this
time market cipher B starts to look like
this. The money flow is coming down
and that's a beautiful short trade. All
right. Something else that would give us
a really good precise entry would be to
take out this low. Now, remember 54 thou
$54 that is the previous all-time high
on hype, right? This this is a very very
key level coming all the way back. Let's
see. Yeah, coming all the way back to
around ah I was wrong actually. That's
not the previous all-time high. The
midpoint is the previous all-time high.
So, forget that. But this low here is
very important because once we lose this
low, even though it's not the old
all-time high, it's still important
because now officially we are in bearish
market structure on the daily, right?
For the first time in this whole pump,
we are seeing a bearish structure on the
daily. And once we're down here, then
that sets us up perfectly for the head
and shoulders. That sets us up perfectly
for this to happen. We come into the
golden pocket 786,
right?
That's kind of how I'm looking at
getting into a hype short right now.
There's a few different options for it,
you know. Um,
why do people keep buying these Scoins
in bare markets? Well, I mean, honestly,
the Scoins have have been uh pretty
pretty good, right? They have been
pretty good.
I mean, uh, Divine Hood has been making
tons of money on these Scoins,
you know.
So, I think it all depends on your your
time frame outlook, bro. Like, people
are making tons of money longing Scoins
in the bare market, but you have to you
have to be precise in your entries and
exits.
You know,
my opinion on the book of Enoch, I like
the book of Enoch. I do believe it
contains a lot of historically accurate
information.
There are some
uh problems with the book of Enoch. Like
I wouldn't say problems, but
so there's different views on the book
of Enoch. I do think it contains
accurate historical information about
what happened in the days of Jared
leading up to the days of Noah. Um
but
From what I can tell, it it it
definitely it's a very ancient book. It
it it definitely goes back to, you know,
the 2n century BC probably.
And I I would assume that the the the
legends in there go back even older. But
it wasn't written by Enoch,
but we don't have it in Hebrew.
We only have an Aramaic
fragments in Aramaic. Um,
so it makes it seem like it's a more
modern work, at least the way we have it
now. Um,
I I don't know how I feel about it to be
honest. Besides, I I believe it's it's
an important book to understand what was
going on back in those days.
If you're asking whether or not I think
it's it's scripture, I I can't answer
that.
But I still think it's an important it's
an important document at at the very
least to get into the mindset of the
people who wrote the New Testament,
right? You're you're you're getting into
the mindset and the worldview of the
authors
of the the gospels
and the
in general just the the first century
second temple
understanding of what happened back then
as well as the implications for the
kingdom of God and the Messiah and all
this other stuff, right?
Do I like Indiana Jones?
Uh, yeah, sure. Sure.
Have I ever read the Quran? I have. I've
read the Quran multiple times from cover
to cover.
So, I have read the Quran very many
times.
Not as much as I've read the Bible.
Boom. Do Saints the Earth is round. How
else would you explain seeing other
planets that are round? Well, that
assumes that when you look up
into the sky, you're seeing
uh you're assuming that the earth is one
of the things that you're seeing up
there. Like the assumption here is that
you're assuming the earth is the same as
the other things you see when you look
up. All right?
That doesn't really make sense. All
right? For for example, a basketball
court is flat. Now, if we all lived in a
basketball court and all we ever saw
when we looked up was basketballs,
it would be an error to assume that the
basketball court was round like a
basketball. That doesn't make any sense.
Could it be? Sure. Sure. Maybe the
basketball court is one of the
basketballs, but it doesn't have to be.
So, people who believe in a flat earth,
they don't believe in the solar system
in the way we think of it today, where
you have the sun in the middle, right?
You have the sun in the middle and then
you have all the planets orbiting around
the sun. Right? Flatearthers don't
believe, just so everyone knows here,
flat earthers don't believe that you
have the sun with all the planets going
around and then all of a sudden you have
a totally flat earth. Right? This is
this is not what flat earthers believe.
They don't believe the earth is flat,
the sun is round and we're all orbiting
the sun. All right? That's totally you
have to clear your mind of this model.
All right? Flatearthers believe in
something like this. The earth is flat
like this. All right. And all the lights
are above it.
All right. All the lights, the sun, the
moon, they're above it. Right. The earth
is flat, but but the but it's also
round, right? So, it's flat, but it's
also round. It's like a flat circle. And
it depends. There's no there's no
unified view of what the flat earth is.
All right. Not all flat earthers hold to
the same view, but in general, it's a
flat disc realm in which when you look
up, there are lights above it. Those
lights are round. Okay.
Do the toilets flush backwards in
Australia?
I don't know. That's a good question.
But the real question here is, is
Bitcoin going to pump, baby? Is Bitcoin
gonna pump?
>> Yeah, your lights aren't the same as
your floor. That's that's that's the
whole thing right now. Now again, I'm
not here to tell you what to think about
it or I'm not even here to tell you what
I think about it. I'm just here to tell
you that when when people think of
flatearthers as believing in the solar
system as we all learned it, but all but
the earth is just flat, that's
ridiculous. It's it's a completely
different view of the cosm, a completely
different view of the the whole heavens
and earth. It's you can't compare the
two, right? That's that's the problem.
Most people hear flat earth for the
first time, they think that's the
stupidest thing I ever heard. I mean,
obviously like all the other planets
around and Earth is a planet. Why would
the Earth be flat when all they're all
No,
in a flat Earth view, the Earth is not
one of those things you see when you
look up. In a flat Earth view, the Earth
is the centerpiece
of a giant heavenly clock. And all those
things orbit around the Earth to tell
time and all that kind of stuff, right?
So, it's a very, very different view.
If the earth were flat, all the shadows
on the earth would be the same
dimensions. Actually, that's a common
misconception. I I could even prove that
to you right now on my desk by taking
this. This is another problem with with
the flat earth view, right?
If the sun was 93 million miles away
from a flat earth, then yes, all the
shadows would be the same dimension. But
in most flat earth models, the sun is
very close and the sun locally moves
around a flat earth which would give you
pretty much the same effect as if the
earth were round and rotating and the
sun were 93 million miles away. If you
take a light, all right, I don't have
any way to show you, but you could prove
this to yourself. If you have a flat
table and you stand an obelisk
here and you take a local flashlight,
right? And the light rays are shining
down onto the table in this direction,
right? The the light is coming down in
this direction, right? And this is your
light. And you shine the light close to
the flat table over here. The shadow of
the obelisk is going to go this way.
Right? Now move the light over in front.
And now the shadow is going to be
straight on. And then you move the light
over this way. And now the shadow of the
obelisk is going this way. And if you
have multiple obelisks on the table,
they will be casting shadows at
different angles depending on where you
move that localized light.
So again, it's a failure to understand
what the flat earth model is to say if
the earth were flat, all the shadows
would be at the same angle all the time
because you're trying to put the flat
earth into the modern understanding of
the solar system. They're two completely
different things. You can't mix and
match them.
You know,
again, I'm not saying the earth is flat.
I'm just saying it works on a flat earth
model.
In fact, everything that works on a
globe earth model can work on a flat
earth model.
But um
flat earth is indeed the stupidest thing
I've ever heard. I thought that too the
first time I heard about it, but then
the more I looked into it, the more I
said, "All right, this kind of it does
make sense. It makes sense in a way that
the model works." It makes sense in a
way that the model works. All right,
to explain phenomenon that we observe.
In some ways, it works even better to
explain observable phenomenon. But
like I said, I I
I'm not here to tell you guys what I
think about the Earth at all. All right?
But I have spent a lot of time thinking
about this over the years. All right?
I have spent a lot of time thinking
about this over the years.
78K next. I don't know. I hope if we
bounce from here, this is this is
literally like the last
um
this is literally the last hope. I sound
like a brainwashed person from politics
or even dumber maybe. Uh Wajv, I mean,
here's the thing. I have I literally
at this point in my life, bro, I first
of all don't care how I sound to
anybody.
And secondly, I I have I have learned
over the years that I I really can't
trust much of anything.
And nothing seems crazy to me anymore.
And when I come across an idea that
sounds so crazy,
yeah, that's something I want to look
into a little bit. All right, that's
something I want to look into. And I
definitely want to understand even if I
don't agree. I want to understand why do
some people think this? Cuz if it is the
stupidest thing you've ever heard, which
it was for me, why are so many people
talking about this? I want to get inside
their minds. What? Why? Why are they
thinking that? I mean, my whole life
everything turned out to be a lie.
Everything turned out to be a lie. All
wars were based on lies. what they I
mean everything our whole society is
based on lies
um
in a lot of ways.
So if I sound crazy,
okay, yeah, it definitely does sound
crazy and I'll I'll acknowledge the fact
that it sounds absolutely crazy and
insane. I'll acknowledge it. But here we
are walking on a treadmill, weighted
vest, $500,000 on the line,
talking about flat earth, you know.
Nah, J Boy Bullish. I I'm not saying I
have it right, bro. That's the thing.
I'm not saying I have it right. I really
don't know. I don't know. I don't know.
We're talking about whether or not the
earth is flat.
And I say
I haven't said one way or another what I
think about it to be honest. This whole
stream I have not said one way or
another what I think about it.
Um I don't know. I I really don't know.
I I I said I said even asking the
question what shape of the earth I think
is probably the wrong question to be
asking anyway.
According to four-year Bitcoin cycle, it
always
1064 days bull and 365 days bare. Yeah.
So that's that's putting us summer fall,
you know. So let's see. Summer fall.
Summer fall, baby. Let's see.
Is the universe flat? I've heard stuff
like that before, like the flat universe
theory, the electric universe theory,
you know,
>> whole bunch of stuff.
Oh snap.
>> Well, you know what? It's a shame how
when there's low volatility, we start
talking about strange things.
Um,
All right, guys. You know what? I got to
head out.
Uh,
I do have to head out.
But I love you guys. May God bless you
all in Jesus name. May the Lord bless
you and may he bless your families and
I'll see you guys later. Peace.